hello everyone so today actually
we find ourselves in a new video
simply because I'm a
youtube happy called pixi at 40
the link of his youtube channel will be in
the info bar I advise you
to subscribe to his youtube channel
because frankly she makes
gorgeous houses she really
talent so here we go
let's go back to why this video all
simply because in fact these homes
at are a little loaded with furniture
download low blow with some
people
we can not necessarily install it
we can download it
but not to install it on the sims too
so actually a little tip so
be ready to follow the tutorial for
finally get to play in the houses
from madam gary school alias cac 40
good brief let's go to the tutors all
first let's click our
House
we wait for the sims 3 opens
and as you can see our
download does not launch so we're going
follow the second step
we do copy paste of our file
then we go in
electronic documents cards sims
ladies lauda
and my pass our file
so we can leave
so then we will go to
downloading
we click on the small box and then
we click on install this tutorial is
finally finished so if you need
of head or if you still do not have
including all month in comments or
to the article - by twitter my account
twitter will be in the info bar